Weekly report Software Engineering
Inside the class:

Week-1

1- Introduction of the Software Engieering and its course structure.
2- We had learned the importance of the quality product and the product must be affordable to all.
3- We had discussed about the game "Pokemon Go" and its pros and cons. We also came with some innovative ideas to improve the game in future.
4- We had seen the ideas of each individual for the same product as it was different from others

Week-2
 
1- We discussed on several new ideas and shared it in class which was damn exciting, innovative and also that we could develop in future.
2- We discussed mainly about the problem regarding software development.
3- We spent a lot of time discussing about the quality of product

Week-3

1- This week we came to know about what the software engineering is, why are we studying this and at what is the importance of same in future. 
2- We discussed about problem that we are facing while developing the software distribution and maintenance.
3- We have first learnt the user requirements and will try to design an optimized system design for the same. 
4- We have also discussed about choosing the languages and frameworks that world meet our requirements to develop the software.

Week-4

1- We have discussed about roles of a software engineer in a product making and the life cycle of a product as well.
2- We discussed about the requirement and its various uses in the products.
3- We had also discussed about Learnt defining relationships between requirement and other various aspects of a project.
4- We had Learnt how to represent real life problems in various ways.

Week-5

1- Many different models we studied today.
2- Had a great discussions on' Agile Manifesto".
3- There is a high amount of risk involved with agile life cycles. But there is high-value being delivered in the end.
4- Some examples of Software Engineering in big companies were taken in order to make us understand how software engineering in reality is like.

Week6

1- We had a good discussion on the Software design which was taught in the class.
2- Design involves analysis,synthesis and evaluation of goals,constraints,assumptions,decision and ideas
3- We came to know that code is also a part of good design but it comes at the lowest level of granualarity.
4- Sir discussed our project with whole class and this helped us in analyzing our project even more. 
5- The Software design represents an abstracted form of the plan and modules required.
6- In order to make a a good project design, we should follow these order
   Goals --> Constraints --> Assumptions --> Decisions --> Ideas

Week 7
 
1- We had discussed few things about UML.
2- UI/UX design is as important as the backend functionality of the software. And it is very important things for making any software project.
3- We came to know that a person who designs/tests the usability of interfaces is known as a Usability engineer.
4-  We should ensure that the design modules should support maintenance and verification.
5- A perfect design is a combination of value and experience which makes quality based software.
6  We should also ensure in some ways to make a better UI which can make the software reliable and easy to use for all the user of different categories.

